capstone/data.md, before:

---
title: Mike Maynard | Capstone Project Data Sources
---
## Google Data Analytics Capstone:  Case Study - Acme Auto

### Data Sources

| Name | Description | Link | Scope |
| ---- | ----------- | --- | ----- |
| Used Cars Dataset | Online used car postings from craigslist | [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/austinreese/craigslist-carstrucks-data) | 2020 April/May |
| Oregon County Seats | See below                              | [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/bibliodatos/oregon-county-seats/) | 36 Oregon counties   |
|                     | Name of city that is the county seat   | [State of Oregon](https://www.kaggle.com/bibliodatos/oregon-county-seats/) |             |
|                     | Latitude and longitude of county seats | [Google Maps](https://maps.google.com/) |                                                |
| County Population Estimates | US Census yearly population estimates by county | [US Census](Https://www.census.gov/data/datasets/time-series/demo/popest/2010s-counties-total.html) | 2010-2019, Oregon |
|                     | Transformed from wide to long format | [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/bibliodatos/oregon-estimated-population-by-county/) |  |
| Oregon DMV Registrations | Historical registration data by county | [State of Oregon](https://www.oregon.gov/odot/dmv/pages/news/vehicle_stats.aspx) | 2015-2019, Oregon |
| Used car dealerships | Number of dealers in each county seat | [Google Maps](https://maps.google.com/) | August 2021 |
| Annual Average Precipitation | Historical average rainfall/snowfall in each county | [bestplaces.net](https://www.bestplaces.net/climate/) | 2021, Oregon |




Next... [Analysis Summary](summary.html)




---
[Capstone Project Home](./) | [Analysis Summary](summary.html)

Created by **Mike Maynard**<BR>
Project Implemented in **SQL, Tableau, Python, Google Sheets, Markdown**<BR>
Last updated:  **2021-08-03**

Commit message:

census block api in data

capstone/data.md, after:

---
title: Mike Maynard | Capstone Project Data Sources
---
## Google Data Analytics Capstone:  Case Study - Acme Auto

### Data Sources

| Name | Description | Link | Scope |
| ---- | ----------- | --- | ----- |
| Used Cars Dataset | Online used car postings from craigslist | [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/austinreese/craigslist-carstrucks-data) | 2020 April/May |
| Oregon County Seats | See below                              | [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/bibliodatos/oregon-county-seats/) | 36 Oregon counties   |
|                     | Name of city that is the county seat   | [State of Oregon](https://www.kaggle.com/bibliodatos/oregon-county-seats/) |             |
|                     | Latitude and longitude of county seats | [Google Maps](https://maps.google.com/) |                                                |
| Census Block API    | Lookup US county name based on location latitude and longitude | [US Census](https://geo.fcc.gov/api/census/) | USA |
| County Population Estimates | US Census yearly population estimates by county | [US Census](Https://www.census.gov/data/datasets/time-series/demo/popest/2010s-counties-total.html) | 2010-2019, Oregon |
|                     | Transformed from wide to long format | [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/bibliodatos/oregon-estimated-population-by-county/) |  |
| Oregon DMV Registrations | Historical car registration data by county | [State of Oregon](https://www.oregon.gov/odot/dmv/pages/news/vehicle_stats.aspx) | 2015-2019, Oregon |
| Used car dealerships | Number of dealers in each county seat | [Google Maps](https://maps.google.com/) | August 2021 |
| Annual Average Precipitation | Historical average rainfall/snowfall in each county | [bestplaces.net](https://www.bestplaces.net/climate/) | 2021, Oregon |




Next... [Analysis Summary](summary.html)




---
[Capstone Project Home](./) | [Analysis Summary](summary.html)

Created by **Mike Maynard**<BR>
Project Implemented in **SQL, Tableau, Python, Google Sheets, Markdown**<BR>
Last updated:  **2021-08-03**
